Spelling (#192)
botpress/docs: api-reference/files-api/how-tos/creating-files.mdx

### In a custom script using the Botpress Client

> If you're using JavaScript or TypeScript the easiest way to interact with the API is using the [Botpress Client](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@botpress/client). You can install the client package by using your favorite package manager:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using JavaScript or TypeScript, the easiest way to interact with the API is with the [Botpress Client](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@botpress/client). You can install the client package using your favourite package manager:
```

Additionally, if you need to access the file URL right away a third request to the "Get File" API endpoint will be needed to get the URL of the file after it has been uploaded.

> Here's an example on how to do this using the native `fetch()` function in JavaScript/TypeScript, note that your Botpress PAT will need to be defined in the environment variable `BOTPRESS_PAT`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example on how to do this using the native `fetch()` function in JavaScript/TypeScript. Note that your Botpress PAT will need to be defined in the environment variable `BOTPRESS_PAT`:
```
